Sturridge America for our simlish i'm
using that anyway what's up guys this is
jeremy drahthaar sativa and we got an
update to updates one my guests are both
good yeah go ahead tell you guys she
feels bad about it I don't know why I'm
not bad it's just that it's been quick
though surprise you know I don't have
some crazy shoulder thing um because my
surgery got postponed um which never
happened in 5 years 11 different
surgeries and stuff never happened
before and this single time which the
surgery is vitally important that
nothing went wrong because I can only
have a max of two shoulder surgeries
that we had to make sure that the
surgery went flawless and it got held up
because they wanted me to do some extra
surgery pre-surgery requirements that
just couldn't get ton done in a time
frame before the surgery and like such
just never happened before I you know
was upset then kind of trying to figure
out how do I spin this so it's a good
thing and you know a lot of great things
have come out of it you know just there
helping me deal with the pain because
obvious is still there um and so yeah
not having a surgery which is crazy
because the first time we ever had
massive amounts of prayers on one
surgery um I got council it got canceled
so obviously your prayers were a godsend
cuz obviously something if she hadn't
had the surgery than she would have
somethin bad what happened so I mean
infection just complications we just
could not afford for anything to go
wrong because I just can't I have to do
all my replacements obviously again
since I'm so young the only lasts a
certain I years and shoulders it's just
vital that I don't go above two
surgeries and so if this 18 the dust and
we had
replace it somehow like there was
infection or something then I would have
been screwed so I just it's crazy huge
godson that that obviously something
might have gone wrong and i truly
believe everything happens for a reason
mmm so I'm not in a hospital which I
should had it's over history so what we
did is we went out spend money I we
bought something really cool which we're
excited to help us with our video dash
so he like a little schoolgirl he's so
flipping excited about it oh I just love
photography he does so we're gonna be
putting a lot more pictures in with our
videos and stuff and I got the rebel t4i
just came out supposedly a pretty badass
camera from what i've read it has better
video features than the 5d so that's
saying something right there we paid
because people were going to ask I'm
just pay we paid 849 for the camera and
that's just the bodies oh my bad yeah
that's just the body Nolan's but then
you can't show you anything if you don't
have a lens so we decided why I get the
crappy kit lenses that come with cameras
so we went and we got the canon 15 to 85
millimeter lens the lens was 750 bucks
and the body was 849 so this is a good
piece of glass we got I'm really happy
with it sigh mean I'm a wife I'm sure
we'll be happy with it from what I've
read I'm pretty sure i'll be happy with
it I was into DSLR before I had a canon
60d but I sold it and I just got a point
and shoot because I figured that would
be enough and it didn't cut it at all I
mean you missed something hi mr. Magoo's
oh yeah that shot would've been better
with dslrs yeah yeah so I went back to
got the DSLR and then we got a pretty
two gigabyte class 10 card with it I'm
not sure at the right speed on it right
speed is 24 MBS which is really good no
the read speeds 24mb us the right speed
17 MBS so that's pretty good and we've
got
all I know I don't know me and we got um
extra battery I'll go through in a
battery just kind of given us we went
back several times he can't make a
decision we know cuz i mean it's it's
expensive it's a big purchase so this
all right here with tax and our hang and
actually extended walking everything was
damn near two grand for you too yeah so
we're hoping that with this stuff we can
just make our videos even more we're not
gonna be using it for running videos
though well it has been crazy good
camera on a video camera DSLR zyrtec
times better than video camera no matter
what this one is always gonna be better
but they have to get full focus and
everything so far harder so many
videos we're not gonna be using using
stuff will see me will stationary
because firstly or slow motion you're
not able to beat ids are I mean you're
not gonna be able to get smooth slow
motion like you would on a DSLR on a
camcorder although okay take it out of
the box no I'm gonna take a box unboxing
a camera on my channel I'm just telling
him we got it okay and then we got will
take out the box later though okay and
but like the GoPro the gopro HD hero too
nothing is like insane insanely smooth
slow motion so we got a lot of different
angles want to hit shots with a lot of
different angles we got several
different cameras now and I'm just kind
of how we're hoping to do it and we're
shooting for videos today as we sit
right here so we're gonna be in the same
clothes just let you guys know yeah no
we don't do the same thing every day we
just we just want to come out a bunch of
bombing yeah we want to get a bunch of
done because I'm not feeling too great
right now and I want to get him done as
cooks we can cuz i got school coming up
and did you like my kind of meanness and
I've been having a rough time lately
yeah happen L to go to the gym because I
did hurt something hurt my back somehow
everybody says and everybody thinks that
I have a herniated disc and we're up all
last night because of the pain
and it sucked so I'm just trying to get
through these videos for you guys
because I want you to want to show you
this stuff before worst happens to my
back so that's our first video so this
is the first video hopefully enjoy the
next ones and make sure to leave
comments and thanks for your prayers on
her surgery and stuff like that much i
truly i truly think that it made a huge
difference and I could only imagine what
would have happened if you know it did
go through and something bad will happen
oh I think I don't want imagine it
alright guys so much guy take it easy
and we'll see you on the next video
German jumeirah from RC malicious saying
peace